hi this is scott magno aka DJ madflip
i'm here with uniquesquared.com to
introduce another cool product for you
called the alesis dm6 express this is a
really awesome portable compact
electronic drum kit that also can be
used as a controller for your drums it's
virtually compatible with pretty much
every recording software out there me
being a DJ unfortunately I couldn't do
it justice showing it to you so I'm
gonna bring in my friend Taylor alright
thanks Scott so I'm learning through
some of the functionality of the leases
dm6 first thing that we have is we've
got your pads so we've got your snare
pad and your two toms the snare pad is
really cool because you've got the
ability to not only hit it on the top
and you've got this rim section here and
you can assign all kinds of different
sounds so if you want to put like a
cowbell or something on that rim you can
do that it's pretty cool these pads feel
great I mean they've got this soft
rubber feel which is a lot different
than a lot of other kits so they just
have that hard rubber surface or even
the mesh heads and if you want
something's kind of in between both of
those these are great I mean you can
like really stick your stick in there
too and it sort of feels like a real
drum head um these symbols are great i
love the pads on them they're not really
too hard and they're not too soft either
i mean maybe they're just right but
they've got this you know really nice
feel to them and you can adjust the
volume on them and kind of like harder
you hit it the loud it's gonna be if you
kind of hit a little quieter you can you
can sort of hear that as well next let's
talk about the pedals really like these
pedals they're not gonna slide around on
you at all I mean you can like lift this
hi-hat pedal up and you can almost see
the carpet coming out from underneath it
it's really cool this kick pedal is
great too what's also interesting is if
you want to hook up a double pedal if
you're one of those players that wants
to have two pedals it's totally able to
do that the the pads even big enough for
you to get both your pedals on there so
now let's talk about this module that we
got over here first right off the bat
you got your save feature so if you want
to lay down a beat record it right into
the module you can do that you can
always go back to it and reference it if
you're gonna
use it for multiple drum tracks or if
you just immediately want to record
something to beat that's been flying
around in your head and you got to get
it down you can record it to this thing
really easily so on the back we have the
ability to obviously put your headphones
in you can also put your mix line in
which allows you to hook up your iPod or
your CD player and you can play along to
some of your favorite songs or something
that you wrote kind of just pop it in
and start practicing or recording you've
also got your USB out now this is key if
you want to start recording and what's
great about it is it works with most all
software so if you like working with
GarageBand or logic or Ableton or
protools pretty much any software it's
gonna work great with it and they've
also got their own built-in drum tracks
on that software so if you start getting
tired of the alesis drum sounds and you
want to start working with something the
software it's totally able to do that
and it makes it makes playing really
versatile and it makes this this whole
kit awesome you can just have so many
different options for the sounds so
let's go ahead i'm going to go ahead and
play you guys something just kind of
show you what it sounds like it's just a
real basic sort of kit
so there it is the alesis dmx press
ridiculously affordable compact kit that
for beginners intermediate any pros
alike also as a controller so you can
use it in studio production as well
please feel free to call me here at
uniquesquared if you have any other
questions my name is scott magno DJ
madflip be you be unique at
uniquesquared.com